chore: update default `Guild.filesize_limit` to 26214400 (25MB) (#1005)
DisnakeDev/disnake: changelog/1005.misc.rst

> Update base :attr:`Guild.filesize_limit` to 25MB, matching recent API bump.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Increase the default :attr:`Guild.filesize_limit` from 8MB to 25MB, matching the recent increase by Discord.
```

not sure about "default", maybe "unboosted" works better.

Author: yeah. It's also the limit for boost level 1 guilds, so "unboosted" doesn't quite work, but "default" seems fine.
